so here we are july twenty fourth
saturday 2010 three days until the
release of the most anticipated computer
game of the entire year starcraft 2 so
this morning I woke up and I was
thinking two things i was thinking i am
super excited for starcraft 2 to come
out I have been waiting for this game
for so long you guys have no idea so
wouldn't it be great if one of my
subscribers can feel the same excitement
I feeling and I also thought you know
what it is super hot in my apartment and
that was because my air conditioning was
broken it's actually 93 in my apartment
right here so if you hear fan in the
background just ignore it many ways back
to the video so then I got to thinking
you know I haven't had a giveaway in a
while so giving away starcraft 2 seems
like a pretty darn good idea so I got
some pants on because I don't wear any
pants when I sleep but anyways I got
some pants on and i drove down to
bestbuy and i picked up yup a copy of
starcraft 2 to give away to one of my
subscribers so I went there I was
standing in line already to check out
and I go you know what you know what
would be even cooler than giving away a
copy of starcraft 2 well I can think of
one thing and uh let's see yeah that's
giving away 5 copies of starcraft 2 so I
went back and I actually picked up five
copies see if I can get them all in pre
order mom so yes my friends that is
exactly what I'm doing how do I look I
am giving away 5 copies of starcraft 2
starting on Monday the 26th and I'm
giving away one each day until friday
the 30th so one on Monday one on Tuesday
Wednesday Thursday and Friday server
saying all right how do I you know win
one of these copies because I
want one well there are two rules they
need to follow in order to win one of
these copies first you need to be a
subscriber that's easy as pie if you're
not subscribed go ahead and hit the
subscribe button right there and bam
you're eligible to win second to enter
the contest here's what you need to do
say take monday for example on Monday on
this video you're watching right now you
need to leave a comment all throughout
the day because I don't know exactly
what time but all throughout the day on
Monday I'm going to be picking a winner
just by you know whoever leaves what
common I'm going to be picking a random
comment and you know you can say
anything you can say tune fish you can
say i love starcraft you can say Bucky
is an idiot I hope I hope I can kick
them in the face some day it doesn't
matter any comment can win so throughout
monday or each day you want to win leave
a comment on this video in sometime
during the day I don't know whenever I
have some free time I'm going to pick a
random comment and i'm gonna click on
their name make sure their subscriber
and if they are then they want so easy
is that one subscribe to my channel to
leave a comment on whatever day you want
to win yes you can leave it on every
single day if you don't win you know one
day but yeah question a lot of people
ask is um what if i live in you know
argentina or something it doesn't matter
where in the world you live i'll ship
the tio my costs you don't have to pay
for shipping or anything like that it's
just my way of thanking you guys for you
know subscribe to my channel supporting
my videos viewing my videos day after
day and I appreciate all the helpful
comments and you know it's a huge part
of my life you guys believe it or not so
that's what I'm going to be doing monday
tuesday wednesday and thursday so that's
going to take care of four copies right
here where you need to do to win these
of course like i said subscribe and
leave a comment monday through thursday
but that leaves friday so on friday i
want to do something a little bit
different i always think when I have
these giveaways that maybe I should give
it away give it away not to you
someone who just wins the contest but
maybe I should give it away to someone
who actually deserves you know something
nice so what I'm going to do on Friday
is give this way a little different what
I want you guys to do is send me a
message of either someone you know or
someone you met who you think deserves a
copy of starcraft 2 you know maybe
something bad happened to him recently
maybe they help people out all the time
maybe they're just a genuinely nice
person and I'm going to read all these
stories and i'm going to pick whoever i
think is the most deserving person and
whoever would appreciate this the most
and i'm going to give them a copy of
starcraft 2 so you can either win this
for summer notes um again go to my
youtube messaging however you message me
and send me a message of someone you
know who you know is a really good
person is really deserving of this and
tell me a little bit about them and
hopefully i can get them a copy of
starcraft 2 by anyways like i said
monday through thursday all you need to
do is leave a comment on this video
right here and make sure your subscriber
and if i pick you you win easy as that
so oh one more thing on friday i'm gonna
announce the winner of you know who's
the most deserving make sure I give a
cockatiel at least one person that
really deserves it or you know has been
good to people their entire life maybe
hasn't had the best easiest life so you
know I think they deserve a little break
here so that's what I'm going to be
doing with the last copy if you have any
questions I'm going to post all the
rules under my video in the description
so you know read there for you know any
you know little rules I might have
forgotten this video and also if you
have any questions just leave me a
comment or send me a message and I'll
try to answer it post it in the
description below if I forgot anything I
can't imagine what I forgot that anyways
you know you know how it works and the
last thing I want to announce when
starcraft 2 comes out I'm going to be
having a bunch of tournaments so stay
tuned on this chain
if you want to enter a tournament i'm
going to be setting them up anyone in
the world can enter you know have a
chance to win some money you know and
that's it so I'm going to be hosting a
bunch of tournaments getting the
community together um and that's it so I
hope you guys enjoyed this giveaway I'm
going to be having a bunch more
giveaways in the future so stay
subscribe and yeah so don't forget to
leave your comments monday through
thursday and if you know anyone who is
deserving of a copy of starcraft two
send me a message telling me their story
and you know hopefully mean you can help
them out so i hope you enjoyed this
video and I look forward to your
comments and look forward to seeing you
on starcraft so i will see you later and
that's it see you